DG merge and export UML diagrams and PPP (#184)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-W15-4/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

This section describes some noteworthy details on how certain features are implemented.

### Import, Merge and Export Features

#### Implementation

The `import`, `merge` and `export` mechanisms are supported by all the main components, specifically in the following ways:

> * The `Ui` component is accessed in `CommandResult` through a UI consumer (`ThrowingConsumer<MainWindow>`). This allows the user to interact with the JavaFX FileChooser to select files to be imported, merged or exported to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `Ui` component is accessed in `CommandResult` through the `UiConsumer`. This allows the user to interact with the JavaFX FileChooser to select files to be imported, merged or exported to.
```

* For import, the `Model` component is accessed to set the new AddressBook of contacts. For merge, contacts are merged with the current AddressBook. On the other hand, export filters the AddressBook of the `Model` using the tags specified in the user command to retrieve contacts to be exported.

* Functions in `Storage` were used to write AddressBooks to JSON files as well as read and convert JSON files to AddressBook objects.

#### Import Implementation
The following sequence diagram shows how the `import` operation works:

![](images/ImportSequenceDiagram.png)

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: **Note:** The lifeline for `ImportCommand` should end at the destroy marker (X) but due to a limitation of PlantUML, the lifeline reaches the end of diagram.
</div>

#### Merge Implementation

Merge functions in a similar way to import. However, instead of replacing the AddressBook, the contacts being merged are merged with the prevailing AddressBook.

> Merging takes place by 

Reviewer: This part is incomplete right?

* For import, the `Model` component is accessed to set the new AddressBook of contacts. For merge, contacts are merged with the current AddressBook. On the other hand, export filters the AddressBook of the `Model` using the tags specified in the user command to retrieve contacts to be exported.

* Functions in `Storage` were used to write AddressBooks to JSON files as well as read and convert JSON files to AddressBook objects.

#### Import Implementation

The `ImportCommand` allows users to import contact files to the Teletubbies app. The following sequence diagram shows how the `import` operation works:

<img src="images/ImportSequenceDiagram.png" width="750" />

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: **Note:** The lifeline for `ImportCommand` should end at the destroy marker (X) but due to a limitation of PlantUML, the lifeline reaches the end of diagram.
</div>

* After an `ImportCommand` is created, it will be executed by the `LogicManager`. During the execution, a new `CommandResult` is returned with the `ImportUiConsumer`.

> * The `UiEffect` of the `CommandResult` is executed by the `MainWindow`. The `ImportUiConsumer` then calls `MainWindow#handleImport`, which opens the file chooser for the user to choose a file to import. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `CommandResult#executeUiEffect` is called by the `MainWindow`. The `ImportUiConsumer` then calls `MainWindow#handleImport`, which opens the file chooser for the user to choose a file to import. 
```

#### Merge Implementation

Merge functions in a similar way to import. However, instead of replacing the AddressBook, the incoming Persons are merged with the prevailing AddressBook.

Teletubbies provides commands for users to modify contacts by editing their particulars or tagging them. Since a Person can change drastically, each Person is issued a Universally Unique Identifier (UUID) to facilitate the merging process. If there is a match for the UUID in the AddressBook, the incoming Person would replace it. Else, the Person is new and would be added to the AddressBook.

The following sequence diagram shows how the `merge` operation works:

<img src="images/MergeSequenceDiagram.png" width="750" />

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: **Note:** The lifeline for `MergeCommand` should end at the destroy marker (X) but due to a limitation of PlantUML, the lifeline reaches the end of diagram.
</div>

#### Export Implementation

Export is distinct from other features as it comprises of 2 commands, as illustrated in this activity diagram:

> ![ExportActivityDiagram](images/ExportActivityDiagram.png)

Reviewer 2: I'm really not sure about excluding the implementation details regarding export and confirmExport's interaction with Model, but i can add another diagram to explain those 2 methods specifically? what do you think?

Reviewer 2: So maybe like another sequence diagram?

Reviewer 2: maybe something like this with the ref?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68676914/140675534-6256d10b-f29c-4c80-892f-fdf530513b39.png)
